 AI-enabled Link Selection Framework for LTE Data Communication Towards Collision-Managed Traffic . This research discusses selecting an efficient communication channel in cellular infrastructure, i.e., C-V2X . The study aims to choose the most reliable link for communication between multiple base stations based on their reach and efficiency in data transmission . V2X communication can help to reduce road accidents by giving expeditious feedback on the changing road conditions . It also facilitates traffic management by providing real-time traffic updates which helps vehicles select less congested routes .  In their paper, Sohan et al. addressed the problems of LTE-based vehicle-to-everything communication . It mainly talked about resource allocation, which is important for selecting links for users, security, and the need for a physical layer structure for LTE V2X communication by supporting link selection . The research contributions are as follows: •Extensive data processing has been performed on data from diverse driving environments with multiple operators . •We propose a framework for efficient communication channel selection (link selection) using ML to perform low-latency data transmission .  The proposed system focuses on link selection, a crucial aspect of V2X communication . The data is collected by a vehicle movement measurement campaign in Berlin . Measurement tools are placed in each vehicle, which helps test, analyze, and measure the data related to the cellular network . A wireless communication technology is transmitted to the servers following the data- gathering process . The problem that arises in the transfer is datasecurity. To solve this, the data is encrypted, and to optimize the transfer process, It is compressed before transmitting .  This section presents the framework for AI-based link selection for V2X communication . It has four layers: data acquirement, data pre-processing, training, and communication marginal . Data is exchanged between the car and the server using LTE by employing the corresponding measurement equipment in each car . Each car is given a unique UL/DL profile for each round used for data transmission . The Berlin dataset has been collected from drive tests around West Berlin, along with some routes . The route length is 17.2 km, and in one run, it takes 45 minutes for a round on a weekday morning .  DME transfers data collected by the sensors to the base stations in the coverage area over LTE . Once the data is received at the base station, it is further transferred to the destination server through the core network for further data processing . Principle component analysis (PCA) applied to the dataset was found to be important and affected features for link selection . LatencyModelTrain, random forest, XGBoost, and linear regression, were trained on the dataset . The data is further analyzed using ML algorithms .  ElasticNet regularization helps in flexibility and adaptability as it combines both Lasso (L1) and Ridge (L2) regularization . Regularization prevents over-fitting, making the coefficient of less important features zero and facilitating feature selection . The communication managerial layer describes how the data will be further transmitted to other entities . The network topology helps route the data from one source vehicle to the destination point . Once the path is selected, the packet is sent through it and continuously monitored to see if it follows it .  In Fig. 2, scree plots are plotted about Principal Component Analysis (PCA) It determines the main features that affect the target variable (latency) the most . Fig. 3 visualizes the R-square and RMSE values for the various models utilized . Table I is the performance matrix [evaluation matrix] The values for each model are 0.9193 and 0.000732, respectively, for the XGBoost model . Table II shows all the values of operator 2 .  Eq. 14 is the R square formula, which balances model simplicity and explanative potency [12] Choose the prediction’s R-square and RMSE values rather than the MSE, MAE, or MAPE . RMSE gives an error metric in equal units as the target variable, making it more preferable and interpretable . The reason behind opting for the XGBoost is that it fits the dataset perfectly with the values of 0.9292 and 0.000533 for V odafone infrastructure .  Applying furtherance increases the reliability, safety, and productivity of V2X communication, which eventually contributes to modern Internet communication . “The acceptable r-square modelling in empirical modelling for social research,” Kili Ozili K. Ozili, ‘The acceptable mean square error (mmae): when used to use them or when not, or not, not, when they are used . ‘Root mean square errors’ or mean errors are acceptable to use in social science research, SSRN SSRN for social science .